I am standing high in the magnificent Andes mountains near the ancient city of Cusco, which was once the capital of the mighty Inca Empire that ruled most of South America before the Spanish arrived. The air up here is so incredibly thin that I have to take slow, deep breaths to get enough oxygen into my lungs, and my heart beats faster than usual from the effort of simply walking. Below me, the Sacred Valley stretches out like a beautiful patchwork quilt made of dozens of small green fields, and this fertile land has been cultivated by indigenous people for thousands of years. Today, the entire community has gathered together because we are harvesting potatoes, and this is one of the most important events of the agricultural year. The potatoes come out of the dark, cold earth in an amazing variety of colors and shapes that I never knew existed. There are purple ones with deep violet flesh, bright yellow ones that taste buttery, red ones with pink swirls inside, and dozens of other varieties that have been developed over thousands of years of careful breeding. I dig my bare hands into the rich soil to pull out the precious vegetables, and my fingers are numb from the cold. After a few hours of work, we build an earth oven called a huatia by stacking stones and heating them with a wood fire until they glow red. We place the freshly harvested potatoes inside and cover the oven with grass and more earth. After an hour of slow cooking, we uncover the most delicious potatoes I have ever tasted. Eating a hot, steaming potato straight from the ground while I am surrounded by clouds and ancient mountains makes me feel incredibly wealthy, even though I have no money in my pockets.